Obviously you will return the necklace to that little bastard tomorrow
Mom, you went to see your aunt today
Your aunt is also swollen and fat
I thought I was really married to a rich man
Mom
How about we return this high-quality imitation to him?
Yes, give this back to him
The old lady worked hard to take care of his parents for him
In the end, I was reluctant to give even a necklace
I wouldn't give it to him.
This is what he owes me
warm
Some people say you are pretending to be rich and beautiful
He also said that you live in the old dawn
The drivers who connect you are all monthly rental cars.
true or false?
Oh sleep, this rumor is so fast
host
Quickly show your balance and light up their dog eyes
No hurry I'm guilty of my idea
Who is talking nonsense?
Are the rumors true?
What are you pretending to be, poor man?
I don't want to play with him anymore, neither do I
Go and finally take the opportunity to get rid of them
The ears will be close in the future